# Welcome to the playground. 🛝✨
This is `congenial-fiesta` (auto-generated by GitHub), a playground where I get to explore the ways in which I can mess around with CSS, and learn how to use the React Framework NextJS. 

Below is a list of what is currently on my to-do list for this application. 

- [x] Scope out what exactly I want this to be
- [ ] Add more pages
- [ ] Use the new Figma Plugin to explore AI-generated code for frontend components
- [ ] Make the application as close to 100% accessible as possible using best practices
- [ ] enable "modes" to switch from high contrast, light, and dark
- [ ] possibly* use a design system to organize CSS files and components
- [ ] use new CSS "hacks" and transitions and animations :> 

Some future endeavors for the app include 
- [ ] connecting a DB (exploring potentially supabase, firebase, or cockroachDB)
- [ ] using some API to mess around with
- [ ] use another library to potentially play around with data viz
- [ ] Create a drag-and-drop playground
- [ ] .... more to come!

## What is the congenial-fiesta? 
After being inspired by some projects on Twitter, I decided I wanted to implement new CSS and Javascript scroll functions. With this, I realized that my friends and I drink a lot of fizzy drinks. And I LOVE soda in a very unhealthy way. I thought I could start by ranking them and adding them to an existing JSON object that can display them through a component that is mapped on the homepage of congenial-fiesta. 

Once I incorporate a database (leaning more towards a SQL database because I should practice that...), I will make a page that is password protected so my friends and I can add new fizzy drinks when we try them without having to manually add to the JSON object through code 🤮 

## The main thing... Accessibility ⚠️
Recently, I went to a talk at ConFig with Una Kravets, Developer Relations Engineer at Google, and Adam Argyle, CSS Developer Relations Engineer at Google. They talked about the ways in which CSS has made it so much easier to "automate" the ways we turn interfaces accessible right through the browser. I took some notes and will be updating the README.md when I use particular accessibility practices that I think should be implemented more. 

### About Me
Hi, I'm Ellie, and I'm a developer/product/design enthusiast who wants to share her love for browsers, creative technology, education and accessibility ✨

Last Edited: June 24, 2023 
